Update Tredess FS (#635)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs-connectors: connector/doc/Tredess_FS.md

- The device returns **GENERIC_ERROR** when you try to set event configurations.
- Some parameters that are included in the MIB are not available on the device: **rfinput, echoCanceller, modLinearPrecorrection, modNonLinearPrecorrection, modEfficiencyImprovement, modClipping, modPrecorrectorLevels**, some parameters related to **synchronization**, and some **status parameters.**
- **Elevated Power Threshold** and **Reduced Power Threshold:** When a set is performed via the MIB, the device responds with a **bad value error**. When the set is performed via protocol, the device does not respond.

> - **Tag** column in the **Rack Cooling** table: When a set is performed via the connector, the device responds with a **WRONG LENGTH** error. Unable to verify issue due to customer setup. Packet capture is required to verify if it is a firmware issue.

Reviewer: I'd like to rephrase this a little to make it more user-centric. Would the following be OK?

 ```suggestion
- **Tag** column in the **Rack Cooling** table: When a set is performed via the connector, the device responds with a **WRONG LENGTH** error. Because of the specific setup where this issue occurred, it could not be verified further. Packet capture will be required to verify if it is a firmware issue.
```

Author: Looks gd to me, thanks @MariekeGO !
